# Duplicate a File

>**Before you Start, Who can use this feature**
>
>Users on Any [Figma plan](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273)
>
>Anyone can Duplicate Files in their Drafts
>
>Viewers, Editors and Admins can duplicate Files in a Team
>
>**Viewers** won't be able to duplicate a File if **Allow Viewers to copy and share** is disabled

Duplicating a File will create a fresh copy of that File. This won't include any of the following from the original File:

*   Version History
*   Comments
*   Collaborators and Permissions

You can duplicate a File from anywhere in the **File Browser**. We will add a duplicate of the File to the File's current location. This applies to Files in your Drafts or within a Project in a Team.

We'll add a `Copy of` prefix to the File name, so you can distinguish between the original and the duplicate.

>**Want to duplicate a File from the Community?** Check out our Browse and Duplicate Community Files article.

# Duplicate a File

1.  Right-click on the File to open the File menu.
2.  Select **Duplicate** from the options.

>**Tip!** You can also duplicate a File by adding `/duplicate` to the end of the File URL. This will only work with the original File URL.  
>
>If you have layers selected, you will need to remove the node string from the URL first e.g. `?node-id=21%3A0`

# Duplicate a Deleted File

You can duplicate a File in your **Deleted Files**. We will add this duplicate to your **Drafts** folder.

1.  Open your **Drafts** in the File Browser.
2.  Navigate to the **Deleted Files** tab.
3.  Right-click on the File to open the File menu.
4.  Select **Duplicate to Drafts** to create a copy of the File in your **Drafts**. We treat this as a new File with no Permissions, Comments or Version History.

