# Frames and Groups

>**Before you Start, Who can use this feature**
>
>Users on Any [Plan](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273-Choose-a-Figma-Plan)
>
>Users with Edit access to a File can create, edit, and remove Groups and Frames.

[Groups](#Groups) and [Frames](#Frames) allow you to combine layers together so that they can be treated like a single layer.

# Groups

By default, groups take on the combined dimensions of their children.

*   To make a group, select some layers and choose “Group”, or use:
    *   macOS: `Command-G`
    *   Windows: `Control + G`
*   The first time you click on a layer in this group, the entire group will be selected.
*   To select a single layer within this group, double-click the item, or choose it from the layers panel.
*   As the layers within a group are moved around, the bounds of the group will adjust to fit the layers within.
*   You can move things into and out of this group by dragging layers within the layers panel.
*   You are allowed to nest groups inside other groups.
*   To un-group, select the group and choose “Ungroup”, or use:
    *   macOS: `Shift-Command-G`
    *   Windows: `Shift + Control + G`

# Frames

Sometimes, it is useful to have a layer whose size is explicitly set by you. These are called Frames.

*   To make a frame, choose the Frame Tool `F` and drag out an area of the screen, or use:
    *   macOS: `Command-Option-G`
    *   Windows: `Control + Alt + G`
*   To add layers to this group, just drag them in.
*   To remove layers from this group, just drag them out.
*   Selecting and moving items within a Frame works exactly the same way as groups.
*   To un-group, select the group and choose “Ungroup”, or use:
    *   macOS: `Shift-Command-G`
    *   Windows: `Shift + Control + G`

Frames are drawn directly on the canvas and we draw them in a special way to make them easier to see and work with.
